# TelecomProject

In this project, we tasked with developing a machine learning model that can predict, with a high AUC-ROC, whether a client will churn. Our goal is to develop a model that provides an AUC-ROC score of at least .88. In the first portion of this project, we will perform exploratory data analysis and data preprocessing; regarding the latter, we will ensure that our data is suitably formatted to be used in classification and we will remove unnecessary features while fomulating new ones. We will then train and test a series of classification models to find the one that performs best. In doing so, we will first examine various singular gradient-boosting models; we will then build ensemble models using blending and stackign techniques. Finally, we will identify and describe our best performing model, which will be submitted in partial fulfilment of the criteria for this project.

Project Results Summary: After preprocessing our data and training and testing various models, we found that our stacked meta-model provided the highest AUC-ROC score of all models trained and tested for this project. Our goal was to build a model with an AUC-ROC score of greater than .88; as it turns out, our best model's score (i.e., the Stacked Meta-Model) was approximately .963. We believe that this model provides an adequate balance between maximizing true positives and negatives while minimizing false positives and negatives (which is reflected in the high Matthew's Correlation Coefficient score of approximately .777).

